Too many Americans are unemployed, underemployed or working undesirable jobs.

That’s why I’m running for Congress.

Taxes

I will work to make the tax code more favorable to small businesses which are the backbone of the nation’s economy. It’s time that Congress put Main Street before Wall Street.

Since historic tax cuts passed, New Jersey residents are concerned about the elimination of the SALT (state and local tax) deduction. Elect me to Congress and I will work to fix this pertinent concern.

Trade

We’ve all heard the arguments for free and fair trade. Like the President, I am for America First trade. We need to reevaluate trade deals to see what benefits America first.

We’ve been taken advantage of too often on the world stage—while your jobs have been shipped off to other countries.

As your Congressman I will never vote for a bill that guts American jobs and creates a negative trade balance. All trade deals need to protect jobs, grow the economy, and forge good diplomatic relations around the world.

As Americans, we are proud of our rich immigrant history and understand the need to reform immigration law. But New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy plans to make New Jersey a Sanctuary State for illegal immigrants—handcuffing law enforcement from working with federal immigration officials to arrest illegal immigrants convicted of VIOLENT CRIMES living in our communities.

How could the Democrats be so irresponsible? Sanctuary City laws endanger our communities, and I will not stand by as politicians posture for reelection risking you and your loved ones’ lives. Our incredible state cannot be a sanctuary for violent criminals.

Proud of my immigrant heritage, I will lead the fight in Congress to protect our families by:

Stopping the liberal Democrats in the D.C. and NJ swamps from blocking our President’s commonsense plan to fight illegal immigration.
Working to secure the border and ports of entry.
Blocking terrorists, gangs, and drugs from entering this country.
Voting to end the Diversity Visa Lottery and Chain Migration.
Working to create Merit-Based immigration so we’re only taking in the best and brightest from around the world.
Securing our border and protecting Americans shouldn’t come down to partisan politics. It is our government’s primary job to protect Americans but the elites have been failing us, year after year.

Let’s elect someone who will finally fight to protect all of our country’s citizens.


In the 1990s when Hillarycare (the precursor to Obamacare) was being prepped to pass, I worked as a young staff member in the United States Senate to expose Hillarycare as a fraud perpetrated on the American people.

As a business owner, I’m committed to bringing a market-based approach to healthcare.

You need better access to the doctors of your choice.

You need better care for whatever health challenges you face.

You need to be unburdened from crippling insurance rates.

As your Congressman, I will finish the job of repealing and replacing Obamacare with a market-based approach that improves access to quality, affordable healthcare. I will also fight the current deathgrip Big Pharma has on D.C. politicians and will work to drive down costs and drive up care.

Let’s bring back medical freedom so you can get about living.

From the Desk of Paul Brubaker

Dear fellow American:

My name is Paul Brubaker and I’m writing to you today to tell you about a moment in history that occurred on the floor of the United States Senate back in summer of 1994; back when Hilary Clinton attempted, for the first time, to take over our healthcare system and the pivotal role John McCann played, who is your candidate for Congress in the 5th District of New Jersey. I know all about this because I was there.  

Back in 1994, I was the Republican Staff Director for the Senate Sub Committee on Oversight of Government Management. At that time the Democrats had complete control of our government and the Republicans had not controlled the House of Representatives for over 40 years.  One of our committee’s functions was to monitor the Clintons’ Plan which would have taken over 1/7th of the US economy. At the time, then Republican Senator Arlen Spector’s office was the lead Republican office fighting the Clinton Plan.

During the Summer of 1994 it seemed all but inevitable that the Clinton Plan was going to become law. Then on August 10, 1994 there was a seismic shift in the political debate. The Republican Senator entered the Senate floor along with John McCann and presented to the nation a chart that demonstrated to the entire country what a bureaucratic mess the Clinton Plan was for the nation. The Senator announced that he was bringing Mr. McCann to the floor because he was the one who prepared the chart(s). We on the committee watched and cheered as the Republican Senator used the chart to expose the flaws on the Plan. We on staff could see that public opinion was reversed. Less than 3 weeks later, the Clinton Plan was declared dead. As Staff Director of the Sub Committee on Government Oversight and Management, my staff and I recognized how much work John McCann put into the creation of the chart and held a special appreciation for how he contributed to changing political debate on the Bill. The rest is history we are all familiar with. The defeat of the Clintons’ Plan significantly weakened the House Democrats and a few weeks later, the Republicans took control of the House of Representatives gaining 54 seats in the next election led by Newt Gingrich’s Contract with America.

I do not live in the district and have no vested interest in this election. I do know that John McCann has a great understanding of Health Care Policy; I know that he has a personal interest in it as his wife is a high-risk Obstetrician with his oldest child heading off to medical school this summer. In a political climate where people write anonymous emails and posts making wild claims and remarks, I thought that the voters of New Jersey’s District 5, should know the facts concerning Mr. McCann’s important role because I was there.   

Sincerely,

Paul Brubaker

Former Republican Staff Director

The Second Amendment is personal for me—since 1981 when my veteran father was a victim of domestic terrorism.

Shot by members of a domestic terror organization while working for Brinks, my father’s—and our family’s life—was never the same.

Without the ability to defend our homes and our families, we can never truly be free.

The Founding Fathers provided Americans with the freedom to exercise this right to keep and bear arms without governmental infringement.

Our inalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness are protected by the Second Amendment. Guns can save lives.

This is why I will always fight to defend Second Amendment rights from liberal politicians in Washington and Trenton.

Click here to review my 2018 U.S. House Candidate Q&A with the NRA.

As the only candidate in the race that has ever had a carry-and-conceal permit, I am the only pro-gun candidate in NJ-5 who will fight to protect your Second Amendment rights.


Support our military

As our incredible Defense Secretary James Mattis has said, “No enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of our military than sequestration.”

I will work with our President to invest in our military so they are fully equipped to protect our great country and our allies. We must roll back the Obama Administration’s cuts to defense spending—which have crippled our ability to defend ourselves, forcing our incredible servicemen and women to use outdated equipment.

Jerusalem as Capital of Israel

When President Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, I applauded this historic decision. After eight years of the Obama Administration’s anti-Israel policies, it’s time to restore our unwavering support and defense of Israel—our greatest ally.

North Korea

In order to truly Make America Safe Again, we must address North Korean aggression. When you send me to Congress, I will work with our President to stop North Korea from becoming a nuclear power. We must strengthen our support for allies in the region as well as use economic influence to spur action by the Chinese government.

Rocket Man is no match for American leadership.

Iran

The Obama Administration’s Iran deal is a national disgrace—rolling back sanctions on the Iranian regime as the nation continues to be a state sponsor of terrorism, advancing both ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs.

I will work with our President to address all national security threats as we fight to eradicate radical Islamic terror.

I believe in school choice. Whether you want your kids in public school, private, charter or homeschool, I believe you—not some D.C. swamp creature—should be making the best decision for your family.

Our country is far behind other countries in updating our infrastructure. I believe this issue may be one of the few bipartisan issues left that we can all agree to work on to improve our communities. Through private-public partnerships, I know we can update our infrastructure and make it state-of-the-art.

Life begins at conception.

On January 19, Congress voted on the “Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act,” making it the law of the land that a doctor must provide medical care to babies who survive botched abortions. While the bill passed the House, Rep. Gottheimer voted NO on protecting these poor children.

What kind of man votes in favor of letting babies born outside the womb die?

Life begins at conception. Congress should be fighting for every American’s life whether they be in the womb or in old age—whether they be healthy or suffering from disabilities.

As a Member of Congress I will oppose all taxpayer funding for any portion of Planned Parenthood’s budget supporting abortion services or the harvesting of fetal tissue.

I am a supporter of women’s healthcare, but there should be no taxpayer funding for abortions.

As your Congressman, I will fight to ensure the government has a responsibility to protect the sanctity of life—one of our constitutional, Creator-endowed inalienable rights.

Opioid epidemic

I have met too many families who have lost husbands, wives and children to the deadly opioid epidemic.

It’s time we as Americans fight this life-altering crisis together—discovering better ways to treat chronic pain. By exploring non-addictive medications and holistic treatments to actually help patients get better, we will empower our fellow Americans to return to full and active lives, enjoying our inalienable rights of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

Big Pharma has a powerful grip on politicians—but I can never be bought. I will fight for the best solutions for you—not some lobbyist’s bottomline.

We also need to cut off the illegal drug supply pouring across our border that is poisoning our youth. By securing our Southern border, we will stop the illegal flow and access to deadly drugs.

Congress has become a career for professional politicians like Josh Gottheimer and Bob Menendez. The system is broken and we need term limits, which is why I was proud to sign the U.S. Term Limits pledge and will fight for term limits as your Congressman. 

